## Part 01:
Pick up! Tables 12, 4, 11 // .. 号桌上菜

Got it

Hey, when you get a second, stop looking at my boobs.

Excuse me! Waitress? Dude // 服务员 小伙子

Hi, what can I get ya? // 请问你要点什么

We need some ...

Is that annoying? // 看了会不爽吗? 讨厌的 烦人的

Is that obnoxious and rude? // 讨厌的 无礼的

Would you find it distracting if someone did that to you while you were working? // 分散注意力

Oh, you don't have a job. Sorry. 

Damn, dude, she burned you. // (表示惊奇或赞叹) 天啊 激起...的愤怒

No,Hipster. // 小痞子

Do not think we're on the same team.

We have nothing in common.

I wear knit hats when it's cold out. // 编制帽

You wear knit hats cause of Coldplay. // 酷玩乐队

You have tattoos to piss off your dad. // 纹身 使...讨厌

My dad doesn't know he's my dad. // 我爹压根就不知道他是我爹

And finally. You think this is the sound that gets you service.

I think... This is the sound that dries up my vagina. // 干枯 阴

The other waitress disapeared, the Russian one. // 俄国 俄罗斯

We need horseradish. // 辣根 山葵酱

Please.

That,ladies, is how you treat a waitress.

Paulina! // 宝莉娜

Oh, so... so good, oh...

Oh, sorry, I didn't realize you were on break. // 休息

I just need some horseradish.

-- Here, -- Oh,cool.

Excuse me, where's my waitress?

She's coming.


## Part 02:

Earl. // 厄尔 

I made  your favorite, red velvet. // 天鹅绒似的东西

My little cupcake brought me a cupcake.

Let me pay you for that.

Oh, no, no. It's on the house. // 免费 由店家出钱

It's your birthday.

How old are you gonna be?

Seventy-five.

Oh, Earl, if you were just three years younger.

Max, Max, big news.

The new boss fired that Russian waitress, Paulina.

Turns out chesty Kournikova was Vladimir Puttin' it out.

Hello today. I have paycheck for you.  // 付薪水的支票 薪水

I need to talk to you. You fired Paulina, Han?

I am no longer Han Lee.

I have new American name to go with changing neighborhood. // 环境


To go with the changing neighborhood.

You need to remember this for your immigration exam. // 移民考试

Correct. To go with the changing neighborhood.

Bryce? Your name is Bryce Lee? 

Wait, wait, um, um, um...

Don't hire a new waitress, okay?

I've been doing all the work anyway, and I really could use the extra money.

You need help.

No, I don't. Everyone need help sometimes.

I don't. I've been waiting my whole life. okay? // 当一辈子的服务生

I've waited on tables, I've waiting in bars, I've waited on home pregnancy tests. // 怀孕

I already hire hew waitress.

She work in all top restaurants in Manhattan.

I gave her Paulina's uniform. // 制服

Hi, Mr.Lee, not to complain, // 抱怨

but I think someone wore this uniform before me,

like right before me.

Is it possible that I could get another one?

May be one that's a little less mosist. // 潮湿的

Also this mustard color doesn't really go with my shin tone,  // 芥末 shin tone 肤色 

neither do the mustard stains... // 污点

And these various other stains, and smells. I hope that's clam chowder. // 多方面的  蛤蜊 浓汤

So...

I think it'd be better for everyone, including my immune system, // 免疫系统

if I just keep on wearing what I'm wearing,

and not the apron, cause this is chanel. // 围裙  香奈儿

So thank you, and let's waitress.


## Part 03:

Whatever that is

it does not belong in this diner.

It belongs in a show on Bravo. // 节目精彩

But she blonde hair so shiny // 金色 

good for business.

Where do you even find these people?

The Russian hooker the one before that was a meth addict. // 俄罗斯妓女  兴奋剂  吸毒成瘾的人

You train her I am boss.

Da boss.

Fine but make her wear the uniform.

Are you sure we can't get the meth addict back?

She was really good at cleaning.

But her teeth fall out.

You are really judgmental you know that? // 审判的  吹毛求疵的

I'm only gonna say this once so pay attention.

I'm Caroline by the way. Are you're Max?

Don't get attached.

this is the Willamsbug diner owned by th Han Lee.

Who just change this name to Bryce Lee.

because I guess he wants people to take him even less seriously. // 认真的 严肃的

Eight months ago he bought it from the Russian mob.  // 俄罗斯暴民

Clientele used to be all eastern bloc criminale and crack whores // 客户 东欧 集团 犯罪的 吸毒妓女

but then he took it over and tuined it // 毁灭

Hey sexy woman.

You look so pretty today.

You look so beautiful I forgot how bad your presonality is.

thanks Oleg.

Hey Barbie.

Thet is Oleg.

He will hit on you aggressively and relentiessly.

He does't realize he looks like that.

and I don't have the heart to tell him.

Miss could we have some menus?

Oh sure.

Don't smile.

Cause it raises the bar and then I have to smile.

and I can't be doing that.

It's exhausting and I have a bad back.

That Earl we're in love.

Do not talk to him.

unless you want to feel whiter than you already are.

Oh and that stain?

Not clam chowder.

Go marry the ketchups. // 番茄酱

Marry the ketchups, I'm on it.

Okay, Now divorce the ketchups.

Stop, Stop, Stop!

There's no such thing as divorce the ketchups.

You've never waitressed a day in your life.

Yes I have.

You expect me to believe you

after watching that whole Temple Grandin routine?
































